[677<677-5] JSON import (#864)
memgraph/docs: docs/import-data/files/load-json.md

you might want to import parts of that data as graph objects - nodes or
relationships.

Data can be imported using query modules implemented in [the MAGE library](/mage):
- [`json_util`](/mage/query-modules/python/json-util) query module
- [`import_util`](/mage/query-modules/python/import-util) query module.

The difference is that `json_util.load_from_path()` has no requirements about

> the formatting of data inside the JSON file. 

Author: ```suggestion
the formatting of data inside the JSON file
```

> On the other hand,  `import_util.json()` procedure requires data to be formatted
> in a specific way. It is the same formatting the `export_util.json()` procedure
> generates when it's used to export data from Memgraph into a JSON file.  
> 

Author: ```suggestion
, while the `import_util.json()` procedure requires data to be formatted
in a specific way. It is the same formatting the `export_util.json()` procedure
generates when it's used to export data from Memgraph into a JSON file.  
```

<details>
  <summary>JSON file data format required by the <code>import_util.json()</code> procedure</summary>

  ```json

>     [

Author: ```suggestion
[
```
